Update information about CronJob's unsupported time zone field (#49327)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs.md

### Unsupported TimeZone specification

Specifying a timezone using `CRON_TZ` or `TZ` variables inside `.spec.schedule`
is **not officially supported** (and never has been). If you try to set a schedule
that includes `TZ` or `CRON_TZ` timezone specification, Kubernetes will fail to

> create or update the resource with a validation error. Users are encouraged to use

Reviewer: Style nit:
```suggestion
create or update the resource with a validation error. You should specify time zones using the
```

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention that the early beta CronJob API didn't include that enforcement, so that people can understand how come they have `TZ` set in their CronJob.

Author: The idea is to completely drop the idea that it was allowed, that's why this strict statement.

Author: Also updated the style nit.

Reviewer: > The idea is to completely drop the idea that it was allowed, that's why this strict statement.

Maybe we can word around it, but: there will be people who rely on a CronJob with a legacy-style timezone. Those people may well want to understand what's going on and how come their CronJob doesn't match the docs.

Author: That should trigger them to change their configs, to match the docs, so even though they are not official broken, they should be nudged to not use the unsupported bits.
